---
slug: getting-back-to-building
subtitle: Recognizing and ignoring my excuses
tags:
  - reflection
  - updates
date: 2025-02-09T00:00:00Z
draft: false
---

# Getting back to building

For ages I've had a backlog of ideas for things to build and an equally-long list of reasons to procrastinate working on them. My excuse is always a lack of time in my middle-aged-adult lifestyle. Between a demanding work schedule, a partner, a home with all of its maintenance, and a dog that's very persistent about his playtime needs, who has time to build silly web projects? I'll get to it once things settle down, which of course is never.

It's cringe to say a meme changed my life, but while reflecting on all this toward the end of 2024, one came along that made the unoriginal point that the perfectly convenient time to invest in your passions never comes along, and you just have to get started.

While all this was swirling I was inspired by a few folks in a similar position. Justin Jay Wang [did a reset](https://justinjay.wang/room-to-create/) so he could publish easily. Rémi Forte [automated the process](https://rmfrt.substack.com/p/overcoming-portfoliophobia) of sharing his creative work. And the biggest inspiration is always [Cabel Sasser](https://cabel.com), who runs a [complex business](https://panic.com), takes care of his family, and somehow finds time to 100% video games.

I've also been engaging in some long-term thinking, and trying to imagine a future phase of life. I don't want to work forever, but have no idea what comes after that. The hope is that by making stuff, learning stuff, and talking about stuff, opportuntiies and communities will arise to keep me busy in that phase.

With all that in mind, I got started. This site at the moment has pretty much the same (lack of) design and (professional) content as the previous one, but with a bunch of new-to-me tech and alpha version numbers. That'll be a base for more.

I don't expect to become a frequent blogger, but I'll aim to share what I'm working on, how I'm building it, and maybe other things. But first I need to add a blog feature to the site so I can even post this... brb.
